Interviewer  0:17
Have you ever interacted with artificial intelligence before?

Interviewee 0:30
Yes, I have.

Interviewer 0:33
Okay, do you want to describe your interaction? How you interact with it, your experience with it?

Interviewee 0:42
Okay, well, my interaction with artificial intelligence, I mostly use it for work or educational purposes. Usually, if I need answers without having to check the web for so many things, and I need the kind of response where I can define how I want the response to be. That's usually the context in which I use artificial intelligence on any subject that I'm trying to learn about. 

Interviewer  1:29
Okay, when was your first time learning about artificial intelligence, AI?

Interviewee  1:43
AI? Well, I've heard the term AI [unclear], but I don't even know if there are probably things I've used that are artificial intelligence, but I'm just not aware that they are artificial intelligence. But at least, let me say, two years ago, that I'm sure at least that that was artificial intelligence.

Interviewer 2:26
So is there anything you particularly like about artificial intelligence?

Interviewee  2:37
What I like about it is the memory that it has, the fact that it can learn, it can adapt. And you can somehow, depending on the prompt or depending on the information that you give it, you can get that kind of response from it; like, you can tailor the kind of response you're going to get from it; and I don't have to go to so many places. I just have to define what exactly I want. So it even helps me to know what I want better. That's what I would say I like about artificial intelligence.

Interviewer  3:31
[pause] Do you have any concerns around it?

Interviewee 3:38
Yes, yes. There are concerns about, you know, where the line is, because the AI more or less functions like a brain, should I say, like a super brain. I was playing a game with some friends earlier today, and someone wanted to use AI to participate in the game. So instead of just reasoning basic things out, or doing basic tasks ourselves, we could become heavily dependent on it. And even in academic purposes, where to draw the line is something I just don't know. I think it would have to be drawn, because it could serve as an obstacle in learning, even though it's a powerful tool as well.